Update cookie validity.md (#4697)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/cookie validity update.md

analytics.load('writeKey', {
  cookie: {
    domain: 'sub.site.example',
    maxage: 7, // 7 days
    path: '/',
    sameSite: 'Lax',
    secure: true
  }
})
```

> **Note**: Chrome allows 400 days as a maximum limit for cookies so if a value is set beyond that, then the upper limit will be set to 400 days instead of rejecting it. More information on this here: https://developer.chrome.com/blog/cookie-max-age-expires/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
>  Chrome has a maximum limit of 400 days for cookies. If a value is set beyond that, then Chrome sets the upper limit to 400 days instead of rejecting it. Visit Chrome's [docs](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/cookie-max-age-expires/ ){:target="blank"} to learn more. 
```

Reviewer: A few style updates
